# BankingIndustry_ComsumerComplaint
We have two different datasets that we are planning to analyze. Our first datasets comes from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau [2]. The data attributes that can be found in this data set includes the the types of complaints (credit card, debit card, money transfer, and etc), issues of the complaints, sub-issue (identity theft, dispute, etc.), location and date of complaints, the company who received the complaint, the company response and if the complaints were made public are also documented. The Consumer Complaint Database is collected from 524,829 complaints, on a range of consumer financial products and services, sent to nearly 3,000 companies for response. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau doesn’t verify all the facts alleged in these complaints, but they take some special steps to confirm a commercial relationship between the consumer and the company. The database contains consumer complaints from July 2011 until now. The database continue to generally update nightly.  The second dataset we will be analyzing is from the United States Census Bureau. The data attributes include the location (states and counties), population, poverty levels, and estimate of people of all ages in poverty.  Given the attributes that can be obtained in these data sets we hope to find the most frequent states-set for each complaint type(credit card, debit card, money transfer, and etc). These data sets attributes can be used to possibly predict what types of complaint are mostly likely or can occur in the next month or year. Correlation between the rate of state population change and rate of state consumer complaints change can also be made using the data sets attributes. 
